what's up you to the shorty 528 and
today i want to show you guys how to get
the five icons on your springboard as
well as on your duck um so how you will
be able to do this you must be
jailbroken and i am running on I believe
it's 4.1 I'll check for you guys just to
make sure so yes I don't know if guys
can see right there it says 4.1 let's go
back so yes so we'll go into cydia and
there is a few you can download um me
personally i believe i got five column
springboard just because i think it's a
lot better than the than the iconoclasm
yeah it's right there five column
springboard and this you'll just have to
search for it and you can add it is for
free so don't worry about having to pay
anything and for the doc you are going
to have to get infinidock for that you
will have to add a source which is you
guys should have this by now but i'm not
i'm not sure i'm not going to i don't
know what you guys have but you will
need to go into sources edit add and add
cydia.xsellize.com i will have that in
the bottom of description so do not
worry once you've done that you're cut
your your springboard will be like that
it will show up with five icons um your
doc will just be like that but once you
grab something and just drag it and you
can have up to many many many of these
but what you're going to have to do is
you're gonna have to slide to the sides
and as you saw one of them went up you
can actually change the settings from
finna dock to have as many as they want
right now mine is five icons and if you
turn on this paging
you can put as many as you want so if I
just drag some and drag some and drag
some see you can see that there's just a
bunch and they go even go on forever and
ever but I'm going to leave it like that
so yeah guys that's it for today's your
shorty 528 remember to follow me on
Twitter and comment rate and subscribe
peace